# EventTaskExecutionEvent

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**TaskId** | [***CoreIdentifier**](coreIdentifier.md) | ID of the task. In combination with the retryAttempt this will indicate the task execution uniquely for a given parent node execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**ParentNodeExecutionId** | [***CoreNodeExecutionIdentifier**](coreNodeExecutionIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**RetryAttempt** | **int64** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Phase** | [***CoreTaskExecutionPhase**](coreTaskExecutionPhase.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ProducerId** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Logs** | [**[]CoreTaskLog**](coreTaskLog.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OccurredAt** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | This timestamp represents when the original event occurred, it is generated by the executor of the task. | [optional] [default to null]
**InputUri** | **string** | URI of the input file, it encodes all the information including Cloud source provider. ie., s3://... | [optional] [default to null]
**InputData** | [***CoreLiteralMap**](coreLiteralMap.md) | Raw input data consumed by this task execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**OutputUri** | **string** | URI to the output of the execution, it will be in a format that encodes all the information including Cloud source provider. ie., s3://... | [optional] [default to null]
**Error_** | [***CoreExecutionError**](coreExecutionError.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OutputData** | [***CoreLiteralMap**](coreLiteralMap.md) | Raw output data produced by this task execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomInfo** | [***ProtobufStruct**](protobufStruct.md) | Custom data that the task plugin sends back. This is extensible to allow various plugins in the system. | [optional] [default to null]
**PhaseVersion** | **int64** | Some phases, like RUNNING, can send multiple events with changed metadata (new logs, additional custom_info, etc) that should be recorded regardless of the lack of phase change. The version field should be incremented when metadata changes across the duration of an individual phase. | [optional] [default to null]
**Reason** | **string** | An optional explanation for the phase transition. | [optional] [default to null]
**TaskType** | **string** | A predefined yet extensible Task type identifier. If the task definition is already registered in flyte admin this type will be identical, but not all task executions necessarily use pre-registered definitions and this type is useful to render the task in the UI, filter task executions, etc. | [optional] [default to null]
**Metadata** | [***EventTaskExecutionMetadata**](eventTaskExecutionMetadata.md) | Metadata around how a task was executed. | [optional] [default to null]
**EventVersion** | **int32** | The event version is used to indicate versioned changes in how data is reported using this proto message. For example, event_verison &gt; 0 means that maps tasks report logs using the TaskExecutionMetadata ExternalResourceInfo fields for each subtask rather than the TaskLog in this message. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


