# EventNodeExecutionEvent

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | [***CoreNodeExecutionIdentifier**](coreNodeExecutionIdentifier.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ProducerId** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Phase** | [***CoreNodeExecutionPhase**](coreNodeExecutionPhase.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OccurredAt** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | This timestamp represents when the original event occurred, it is generated by the executor of the node. | [optional] [default to null]
**InputUri** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OutputUri** | **string** | URL to the output of the execution, it encodes all the information including Cloud source provider. ie., s3://... | [optional] [default to null]
**Error_** | [***CoreExecutionError**](coreExecutionError.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OutputData** | [***CoreLiteralMap**](coreLiteralMap.md) | Raw output data produced by this node execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**WorkflowNodeMetadata** | [***FlyteidleventWorkflowNodeMetadata**](flyteidleventWorkflowNodeMetadata.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TaskNodeMetadata** | [***FlyteidleventTaskNodeMetadata**](flyteidleventTaskNodeMetadata.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ParentTaskMetadata** | [***EventParentTaskExecutionMetadata**](eventParentTaskExecutionMetadata.md) | [To be deprecated] Specifies which task (if any) launched this node. | [optional] [default to null]
**ParentNodeMetadata** | [***EventParentNodeExecutionMetadata**](eventParentNodeExecutionMetadata.md) | Specifies the parent node of the current node execution. Node executions at level zero will not have a parent node. | [optional] [default to null]
**RetryGroup** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SpecNodeId** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**NodeName** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventVersion** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**IsParent** | **bool** | Whether this node launched a subworkflow. | [optional] [default to null]
**IsDynamic** | **bool** | Whether this node yielded a dynamic workflow. | [optional] [default to null]
**DeckUri** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


